we'll handle that will brother thought
from the beach and fulton pulls our
pictures in for Hogan mr. Logan wants us
to look at truck anyway and here is our
kitchen well you should let people ask
me all the time that I need to make home
the gold rush done hold on i'm telling
this Logan here's our kitchen father
everything in here hanging plant air
plant table paintings the plus I missed
y'all and the laundry room is small I
think i watch the 13-inch are all eyes
would trying to Salem cash go check out
the lovely with 152 don't tuna fish and
the extra bathroom brush yeah okay and
now in the bag Jane we have to drive
looking frantic
Vince ago no
just a used to it
and this is pretty much all this back
here's some chairs and I see a few cats
couple cracker it's working that's where
we live Mexicans cross street they swim
Annette so we're going back finish the
rest of my if you go to our plants and
we're going back upstairs and I'll put
on some shorts gonna win address so i
can show you guys my belly okay so i'm
28 weeks is that right or am I 29 me now
try it we play at weeks and five days I
want you guys open 29 weeks and I'm in
the third trimester that I've been ok
feeling but otherwise out sick and Logan
section them I'm in found some short so
you guys can see my belly
Logan you can do it before wash a guy's
not badly i have an appointment on
august second and i think i need to have
in 3d and 4d ultrasound and then after
is bad which my two more weeks left on
my two equipment ok and I'll show you my
belly it looks bigger in a dress this
dress it looks bigger whenever I had
didn't even have a bill quick ok I'll
put on some house short here is my
meddling at almost 29 week and here it
is from the front my scar I'm used to
that so it doesn't bother me we're scars
from know if you can see that those are
just scars from piercing the hair long
time ago so started of course it went
but it just didn't finish it sorry
diploid up next a broken stop by making
up here ok and Mellie smile you're
really hmm not really big ok and that's
pretty much it you guys were asking to
see a house and where we live in well
you guys so now we are going to go to
the pet shop till I water tested because
we don't want our little friend to die
i'll be traumatized because our other
two guys and one time Oh anything you
want to say look don't know ok he's from
Logan well you guys thanks for watching
the videos that sounded funny thanks for
no don't send us some money we're fine
um subscribe ask questions and survive
my handshake it's just curly oh thanks
guys for watching again subscribe
comment ask questions be nice and yeah
end of my video I'll make another one in
like mmm week and a half hi